Okay, let me read it out first.
Problem bitrate threshold.
Netflix encodes every title at multiple bitrate tiers, so to serve different network conditions.
Each tier has a measured perceptual quality score.
From 0 to 100, I assume 100 is the highest.
Even a sorted array of quality score, sorted at increasing bitrates, find the index of
the lowest bitrate that exceeds or exceeds the minimum quality bar.
If no bitrate meets the bar, return minus 1.
So the input will be array and integer threshold, sorted, ascending array on the quality.
And the threshold is 75.
So you want to return the very first number that meets the bar.
It's a classic binary search problem, I would say.
Basically from the left to the right, it's going to fail, fail, fail, and you want to find
the flip point where the fail now becomes success or the false becomes true.
It's a binary search tree, basically we have low, high to pointer, and it's all about
the if condition on the mid.
If that condition is true, we're going to update the high part.
If it is false, we're going to update the low part.
Let me first write out the skeleton and the fill in the details.
We just call it the function, binary search, and it takes the quality which is integer
array and the bar or threshold, we just call it integer.
So we have low and high, which is zero, and let's do the length of the bar minus 1.
Well, low is less or equal than high, we get the mid, which is low plus high divided by
two.
We want to make sure it doesn't give me float point, floating point.
So now we do the if condition on the mid.
If that mid value is still no less than the threshold, which means that that condition
is good, we're going to update the high pointer to mid minus 1.
Otherwise we're going to update the low pointer to mid plus 1.
This will give us this will give us.
Basically, I will just return mid because according to binary search, this mid from that array
will be the very first quality score that is equal to or greater than a bar, but from this
problem, I realize that there's a case that there's no right answer and then return negative
one.
How would that be possible?
That means, let's just say all the scores are just very low, what will happen then?
So we have a low value, we have a high value, and we do the mid, and the mid, the if condition
does not hold, so we're going to bump up the low value, I see.
So I think in this problem, when there's just no accessible answer, when the while loop
ends, that means low is actually with the same value of
the array.
So I'm going to do if that low is less than the bar, less of the bar, less of the quality.
However, if it equals to the length of the quality, that means there's no right answer,
which is return minus one.
No?
I wonder if you could give me an example to do the dry run, I will use yours, which is
going to be the quality array, I'll just paste it here, that's the input of my function,
and you also have the threshold, which is 75, and if it goes well, it should give me
3, okay, I got a syntax error, let's see what's going on, oh, I got some note that I have
to comment out.
Now it gives me 2 instead of 3, we're off by 1, but why is that?
We're saying, are we going to return, mean plus 1 instead of mid?
I think mid is the last value that does not meet the bar, so we're going to bump it up
by 1, in that case we'll have 3.
Okay, to some of it's a classic binary search problem, essentially this problem is to
find the breaker, or the moment where the condition flips, so we have 2 pointers, 1 for
the low, 1 for the high, and we're going to constantly find the meet point, and depending
on the if condition, we're going to update either the high pointer or the low point.
