Okay, so the problem is the video buffering window.
In the video streaming, content is split into chunks.
One or two seconds each.
The client has a playback buffer of limited size.
You want to know what's the longest contiguous run of chunks that fits in the buffer.
This determines max look ahead before the player must stall and re-buffer.
Okay, basically the input is the list of array, a list of chunks.
And each one is non-negative or it's positive in kill-bite.
Output is the length of the longest contiguous sub array.
Looks like it's a sliding window problem.
A concrete example is this.
The chunk is 4, 2, 1, 3, 5, 2, 1.
And the budget is 10.
We start from the left most.
If it is less than the budget, we add another one.
Until it exceeds the budget, we will have to shrink from the left until it fits.
And in the meantime, we keep track of the current max.
After one traverse or a big O, the current max will be the global max
and will return it.
Now, the trivial question is for sliding window, will the left and right one
be starting from the left most?
Same position I believe so because sliding window by default can be just empty.
It's not too pointer.
So to code this problem, we'll just go ahead with the function signature.
It takes chunks which is
inter array
and the buffer capacity, which is a integer.
And it will return a integer.
Okay.
So it's a sliding window problem.
The left and right will start from the left most.
We will push the right first.
As long as the sum within the window is not greater than the capacity,
we'll keep enrolling you guy from the right.
If it exceeds the budget, we will reduce or shrink the window by
bringing the left pointer to the right.
So we have left right.
The error post zero now and the current max will also be zero.
As long as the right guy is not greater than the size of the array,
we'll keep doing the for loop.
So the if branch now is done on rowing the window.
Basically, if with the current left and right, the sum within that contiguous sub array
is not greater than the capacity, we'll keep adding right one at a time
while updating the current max.
However, if that if condition breaks, we'll reduce the size of the window by adding
left by one.
The current sum is also zero here.
So this is my initial implementation.
We have left and right standard pointers for sliding window.
We have a current max.
It's a track curve at the end of this a while loop.
It will be the answer global max value.
Also the current sum, which is the sum of this is sub array and the initialize the value.
is zero because left and right are both zero.
Now, I would do one for a while loop as long as the right pointer is less than the length of
the chunk. I will check if the current sum is not greater than the capacity.
If not, that means we still have headroom.
We move that right pointer by one and add this new guy to our current sum.
Otherwise, we shrink the window.
After each if else, we're going to update the current max.
And then at the end, we will return the current max as the final answer.
Now, let me do a faster run.
Let's say the chunk is for simplicity.
I would just deduce solution, which is the function name.
That takes chunk the int array and the capacity, which is integer here is 10.
And issued, beginning for.
Okay, here I'm having the error in line 36 because it says
list index out of range.
Okay, for debugging purposes, I'm going to print out that right value.
For example, right now, the size of the array is seven.
If right ever gets seven and this line will throw error because it's going to be out of
memory. But okay, that's indeed the case.
But to fix this, I will change the condition for this while loop.
The right should be less than the length of the chunk minus one.
And there we get the answer, which is four.
And let's see how long did I use?
Okay, we use the 14 minute.
My gut feeling is that I'm not sure if my communication is a pleasant because
when I code, I keep mumbling myself.
And I'm actually talking to myself.
I don't think I was talking to the interviewer.
So the interviewer might feel left out.
And I don't think I communicate ahead of time to
guide interviewer on where I'm going, why am I doing this?
Rather, I'm just thinking out loud what I'm doing now.
If I got blocked and I would just say, oh, Jesus, I think that was wrong.
It was just, I'm talking to myself.
I think the reason is because I know it's sliding window.
But I'm not super confident in a sense that I can be an instructor talking to a
student because I really know this game.
So it's not die hard solid, perhaps that's why.
Also for this while loop that does the right less than length of the chunks minus one,
honestly, I'm not confident if that's the right framework because I rarely recall any of this type
of condition. In a nutshell, I guess my memorization for sliding windows is only 70% solid,
not hardest rock, perhaps that's why.
But I don't know you've overall this mock interview. It's a pass.
So tell me.
