Okay, let me first read out the problem.
It's a speech pipeline problem, DAG, a direct async, a cycle graph.
Speech processing pipeline have stages with dependencies, each station only run after its
dependencies complete.
So you have a list of parts, pairs, and we're going to return valid execution order.
If it's a circular, we're going to return empty list.
Looks like a BFS problem on graph to me.
Input will be with the stages and dependencies output will be a list of activity.
I think it's also called con-argism, topological shorting.
Step one will be building the graph, which essentially hashmap using that list of activities
and their dependencies.
Then we're going to start with those nodes with no dependencies, I mean, the premises that
can just start right away and then do BFS from there.
And I will start writing the code skeleton and filling the details as we go.
Step one is to build the graph.
The graph essentially is a hash map, so a dictionary.
I'm going to introduce another data structure called indegree.
Those nodes without requiring anything happen before them will have zero and to start
with we'll have basically zero for all nodes.
So we'll do this a comma zero for a in any stages.
For graph, I will just do a with a empty list for a in all stages, any stages.
Now I'm going to leverage that dependencies because the way you gave me the dependency
is a little bit weird, it's the post pre-pair.
So for each pair, I will append the post to the pre to the list of the pre and then I
will add that in degree for the post by one.
What that means is that oh, I know now after this pre, there could be some post that can
happen that can follow up.
And for that post, we know oh, we need that pre to happen first, so we're going to count
that degree in.
So indegree of post will plus equal to one.
Now the graph is built, we're going to do BFS.
BFS essentially is two cubes and also two loops.
The first cube will just be those three nodes, nodes with zero indegrees.
Order is another cube, that's going to be my answer.
This order takes care of the neighbors for actions or nodes in a cube.
As long as the cube is not empty, we're going to pop it.
And then we're going to append that current node that is just being popped from the cube
into order.
Now it comes the second loop that we've spent because BFS we're going to expand.
Now we have the current node, we're going to explore their kits or neighbors for a graph.
Once we visit their neighbors, what we'll do is that we're going to reduce their indegrees
by one because the current node is already investigated into order, that means it happens,
it's being executed, it's ordered.
And if that number now is down to zero, that means they're free to be executed right next.
So we're going to add that to the cube.
And I believe that's it, that's the end of the algorithm, we're going to return order,
which is the list of execution after we traverse all the nodes that started with zero
degree or later got reduced to zero degree, they will be executed in order in that order
cube.
But we're going to make sure if the size of the order is the same size of the sheer amount
of a stages, otherwise there will be a cycle and we're going to return an empty list.
